docs: add Microcks example (#289)
score-spec/docs: content/en/docs/examples/included/microcks-score-compose.md

---
title: "Microcks"

> description: "How to deploy a containerized frontend application using Microcks to mock a backend service with `score-compose`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How to deploy a containerized frontend application and use Microcks to mock a backend service with `score-compose` and `score-k8s`"
```

Author: Done!

You can see the resource provisioners available by running this command:

```bash
score-compose provisioners list
```

The Score file example illustrated uses one resource type: `service`.

```none
+---------+-------+-------------------------------------------+--------+-----------------------------------+
|  TYPE   | CLASS |                  PARAMS                   |OUTPUTS |          DESCRIPTION              |
+---------+-------+-------------------------------------------+--------+-----------------------------------+

> | service | (any) | port, artifacts, name, version            | url    | Generates a Microcks mock for     |

Reviewer: When you run `score-compose provisioners list` here, you should see `name` in addition to `url` for the `service`'s `outputs`, isn't it?

Author: Done!

|         |       |                                           |        | an external service dependency    |
|         |       |                                           |        | using the provided OpenAPI spec.  |
+---------+-------+-------------------------------------------+--------+-----------------------------------+
```

## `generate`

Convert the `score.yaml` file into a deployable `compose.yaml`, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
score-compose generate score.yaml
```

The `generate` command will add the input `score.yaml` workload to the `.score-compose/state.yaml` state file and generate the output `compose.yaml`.

See the generated `compose.yaml` by running this command:

```bash
cat compose.yaml
```

If you make any modifications to the `score.yaml` file, run `score-compose generate score.yaml` to regenerate the output `compose.yaml`.

## `resources`

Get the information of the resources dependencies of the workload, run the following command:

```bash
score-compose resources list
```

```none
+-----------------------------------+---------+
|               UID                 | OUTPUTS |
+-----------------------------------+---------+

> | service.default#frontend.backend  | url     |

Reviewer: `name` here too?

Author: Done!
